Make `ConstantEvaluator` truncate the result of shift operations (#16597)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

* Yul Optimizer: Improve performance of control flow side effects collector and function references resolver.

Bugfixes:

> * Constant Evaluator: Fix incorrect result of bit operations which were not consistent with codegen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Constant Evaluator: Fix incorrect result of bitwise `not` and `shift` which were not consistent with codegen.
```
